-Suggestion from Dan: call ourselve s “Group of Seven” as a team name

-Discussed “working in the open” presentation

-Discussed how the logistics went for those of us who have attended stream sessions.

-Dan comment: We need to investigate the multiple channels that data arrives via. (cost + quality)

-Request from Angela: we need a glossary of what NSERC and SSHRC terms mean (e.g. “Funding Opportunity”

-Suggestion from Dan: Mining helpdesk call data could prove useful.

-Martin discussed major SSHRC/NSERC data problems (I will upload the related deck to github)

-Next week: the most important thing Martin needs to supply is a summary of the end-to-end NSERC/SSHRC business process (Somaieh mentioned that it will be especially important for her to understand the steps taken by internal business during the various phases)

-Housekeeping note: we will upload files to Github
